---
title: 09/10 status update
status: Published
date: '2019-09-10'
postFeaturedImage: /images/uploads/hinterrhein.svg
excerpt: 09/10 status update
---
For this status update I am going to outline what I think the project needs before it can be tested. So far the haxo has:

1. Two trailing leg structures made from a Mogo with the seat removed

2. Two seat interfaces made from knee pads from Lowe's / Home Depot.

In order for basic testing to occur, it will at the absolute least need:

1. Connectors from the base of the Mogo legs to connect to the footplates on the braces. Basically the secondary leg structure trails behind a patient's actual legs, but it needs to be connected to the distance of where both hit the ground is fixed. If either leg is pushed forward or backward, the other will be forced to follow the trajectory. This way the stability provided from having additional touch points to the ground supporting the body and providing stability can be counted on for reliability.

`Status Update:`
As of now, I have 1/2" PVC pipe and bracket/clamps and carabiners to connect the two sides. This is bad, even for an MVP, proof-of-concept, rough draft version. I will attempt to connect it to see if it can prove the idea by providing a solid connection. If not I will replace it with something better.

2. A soft connection is needed from the soft back brace to the Mogo legs just so that it does not fall off as the body lifts up. Right now there is nothing connecting it to the body, it just supports weight placed down onto it. At first I was thinking a backpack strap would work for this, but now I think the soft back brace will hold it up by working like a belt. 

`Status update:`
I purchased a back brace from Lowe's / Home Depot

3. For "passive" hip thrust (since we have no motors planned as of yet) a solid connection needs to be made from the back down to interface either to the top of the braces (which is what I have done in the past) or the top of the Mogo legs. 
